USER MANUAL
CMPT 213 Fall 2021 - Assignment 4
Professor: Victor Cheung
Student: Kai Feng (Kevin) Chen

OPERATION 1: LIST ALL ITEMS
    Upon launch, all items are listed in the central display pane.
    This operation can be performed by clicking the associated "All" button at the top of the window.
    This view will be updated upon addition or removal of any item.

OPERATION 2: ADD A NEW ITEM
    This operation can be initiated with the "Add" button on the bottom of the window.
    This then opens a new Dialog which prompts the user for six things.
    The drop-down asks the user to pick whether the new item is a Food or Drink.
    The name field asks the user to enter a name, which cannot be empty.
    The notes field asks the user to enter any relevant notes, with no restrictions.
    The price field asks the user to enter the price of the item, which cannot be below 0.
    The next field is weight or volume depending on the content of the aforementioned drop-down selection.
    The user is asked for weight/volume, which also cannot be below 0.
    For the previous two fields, the system ensures numerical input.
    The date field prompts the user to pick a date from a calendar, with times in 30-minute intervals.
    Upon pressing the "OK" button, the input is validated, and the user will be informed if there are any errors.
    If successful, the item is sent to the server, and the dialog closes. The view is then updated in the main menu.
    This process can be cancelled at any time, either with the X button or the Cancel button.

OPERATION 3: REMOVE AN ITEM
    This operation can be initiated with the "Remove" button on the bottom of the window.
    This opens a small Dialog which asks the user for the index of the item to delete.
    If there are no items, the user will be notified and the operation halted.
    If the value given is out of range or non-numerical, the user will be informed and the process will end.
    If a valid index is given, the associated Consumable will be removed from the server, and the view updated.

OPERATION 4: LIST EXPIRED ITEMS
    Expired items are listed in the central display pane.
    This operation can be performed by clicking the associated "Expired" button at the top of the window.
    This view will be updated upon addition or removal of any item.

OPERATION 5: LIST ITEMS THAT ARE NOT EXPIRED
    Unexpired items are listed in the central display pane.
    This operation can be performed by clicking the associated "Not Expired" button at the top of the window.
    This view will be updated upon addition or removal of any item.

OPERATION 6: LIST ITEMS EXPIRING IN 7 DAYS
    Items expiring within 7 days are listed in the central display pane.
    This operation can be performed by clicking the associated "Expiring in 7 Days" button at the top of the window.
    This view will be updated upon addition or removal of any item.

OPERATION 7: EXIT
    The system can be terminated with the X button at the top-right of the window.
    This will automatically trigger the server's save operation to data.json before closing the window.